a charitable organization and they're
doing it for the in the heat of the
night album that they're gonna use as a
fundraiser for drug abuse prevention
there's a couple of special people on
this particular cut jingle bells' that
you've worked with before oh you're
you're talking about Kitty Wells and
Joey Dickens yeah two of my favorite
people while we're just like brothers
and sisters tonight and sing a sleighing
song just get about 244 his feet
you're singing with Carroll O'Connor how
does it feel to be singing with Carroll
O'Connor on the cup I'm proud to be part
of the show because he's one of my
favorites and he can be mean if he'd
asked me to come on a show and I said no
I know he too got mean with me you're a
big fan of it yes I am that's every
Tuesday night I watch it and what do you
what do you think of the in the heat of
the night television show well I just
wonder to myself so many times how
Sparta Mississippi can afford that many
policemen that's the thing that bothers
me but you got a good budget for white
mr. O'Connor hi I'm Allen Autry and I'm
Randy friend this holiday season
60 performers from the film a music
industry got together raising their
voices against brothers Carroll O'Connor
Howard Rollins and many others joined us
to record Christmas time succumbing a
special collection of Christmas songs
available in stores near you remember
proceeds go to fight drug abuse so when
you're making out your Christmas list
don't forget because it's time to come